hello to all the users of the internet
who are looking for a tutorial for
be able to record with flash
well I made this video since I had the
same problem that I did not see the
option
Aero monitor which is the famous choice
to record the desk with frank and
that frank is usually used to
record games to make your videos
gameplay
good look on youtube google no
I did not find any solution for the
flash problem
I had to look for pages in English
translate it into Spanish and walk the solution
the solution is super simple
what does it have to do with the subject that
you have in windows
well I will explain now let's open
the stratum so that they understand me a little
As you can see here, the option of
monitor nader or good we closed the deal and
I explain them good I teach them the solution
for
to be able to record with phrases we give
right click customize
and they have to choose one of the topics that
says here topics of aero está windows 7
architecture characters so good
we choose windows 7
we hope they change and we close this
change the screen background let's leave
I had previously
and there it is nicer good now let's see
the solution
we open again back
we hope you open and as you see here is
the aero dzeko monitor option to be able
record the desktop with first good is
the video I hope you have served is the
only tutorial on youtube with this
answer since he does not have one but as
I told you again I have served you and
see you soon